Dks keyboards (#22735)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/ndk/ndk16/readme.md

# ndk16

> ![ndk16](https://github.com/itskevin-zz/ndk-keyboards/assets/7293885/739dfeeb-6cf0-4c67-9100-5f9a37c662bf)

Reviewer: This image needs to be rehosted on Imgur.

Author: Changed url to Imgur

The ndk16 is a 3d printed handwired numpad with an rotary encoder and oled screen. It runs QMK on a pro micro controller.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [iskevin-zz](https://github.com/itskevin-zz)
* Hardware Supported: ATmega32u4
* Hardware Availability: [STL Files](https://github.com/itskevin-zz/ndk-keyboards/tree/master/ndk16)

The cat oled image [source](https://github.com/codeyfrommars/Gamepad).

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make handwired/nk16o:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make handwired/nk16o:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make handwired/ndk/ndk16:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make handwired/ndk/ndk16:default:flash
```
